I would like to wish a happy birthday
tonight to one of my favorite people
Shaquille O'Neal who turned 45 years old
today was such a fun guy and I honor him
we asked a local third grader to prepare
a special tribute to his life and here
he is now please welcome blessing with
his salute to Shaquille O'Neal blessing
hello Martin is Shaquille O'Neal put you
look on Shaq Shaq foo or shied diesel
when I was born
are we 94 pounds my mommy is a
brontosaurus and my daddy at the school
bus
I sometimes they're gonna beanstalk
are you Google Earth to take a selfie
well I gotta go eat a food truck
[Applause]
be careful ok thanks for watching if you
like that subscribe to our YouTube
channel for all the latest videos and if
you didn't subscribe anyway it's free
who cares